Classes and objects: 'Classes and objects' make up the framework of object-oriented programming which revolves around the
real-life entities.

Class: A class is a blueprint from which objects are created. It represents a set of attributes and methods, which represent a group
of entities, and is common to all the objects of one type.

Object: An object represents a real-life entity, which belongs to a class with the same properties as that of the object.
The object can perform all functionalities declared in its class, by invoking the methods declared there.


Constructors: A constructor is used to initialize the state of an object.

Default constructor: A constructor that doesn’t need to be declared and is without any parameter is known as a default constructor.
A default constructor can assign user defined or default values to the instance variables of the object depending on the type.
For example, 0, null, etc.

Parameterised constructor: A constructor that takes in some parameter for the initialisation of instances variables while creating an
object is known as a parameterized constructor. A parameterized constructor is used to assign different values to the instance variables
when creating  distinct objects.


The this, static, and final keywords:

The this keyword: The this keyword can be used to refer to the current class instance variables. If there is ambiguity between the
instance variables and parameters, the this keyword resolves the problem.

The static keyword: Anything which is declared static belongs to the entire class, rather than only to the instance of the class, i.e.
a static member is the common property of all the objects of the class.

The final keyword: The final keyword is used to restrict the user from updating the value of instance variables. If any variable is
declared as final, you cannot change the value of that variable. If any method is declared as final, you cannot override that particular
method.

Abstraction: Abstraction is a principle based on hiding the details of the implementations of classes, and access only certain
features/functionalities given to the users/other parts of the program. This is done by writing your program using the framework of
classes and objects.